

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |     | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |     | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: fcs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hdds_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hhs_ranking
independent.var:population_group

















































































































































































































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: household_expenditure
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: boys_harsh_work_type
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: legal_system
independent.var:population_group

